# luafy2
modern rewrite of luafy

## writing scripts
i recommend the use of [Lua Language Server](https://luals.github.io/) when writing scripts for this mod.
The mod generates the correct library file in [LuaCATS](https://github.com/LuaCATS) format that allows for autocompletion and assistance when writing scripts
using an IDE such as Vscode/IntelliJ Idea at `<game directory>/luafy_scripts/autodoc.lua`.
(This path can be given to the IDE.)

[This file is also available in this repository.](autodocs/autodoc.lua)

### luaj
this mod uses the FiguraMC implementation of Lua.

---

# features
- `/luafy` command to execute scripts 
- Various hooks that trigger scripts on game events
- Custom commands through config files to "trust" scripts or create shortcuts
- Many APIs / game interfaces
  - Entities, Blocks and Items
  - Fabric and Luafy itself
  - Text Components
  - ..and more!
- Autogenerated Documentation for LuaLS (and more formats to come!)
- Supports Lua's `require` function from within datapacks (and therefore libraries)

## future
- persistent, world-driven scripts, allowing different events through redstone and run code dynamically based on the world
- networking and webserver capability; interface with other programs and allow greater control over your server

## what im not worried about right now
- scripting language independence; im just focusing on lua
- client sided stuff. (there is a client code source, but im not doing anything with it yet)
- sandboxing. run anything at your own risk


# licensing
luafy is placed under the **CC0-1.0** license, meaning you can basically do whatever you
like with it. _(this is not legal advice)_

if you use it in anything, credit is not required but very much appreciated!
(also, feel free to let me know! id love to see what people do with this!)